
  [:/Book API/:]

  Every request your application sends to the Books API needs to identify your application to Google. 
  There are two ways to identify your application: using an OAuth 2.0 token (which also authorizes the request) and/or using the application's API key. 
  Here's how to determine which of those options to use.

  If the request requires authorization (such as a request for an individual's private data), then the application must provide an OAuth 2.0 token with the request.
  The application may also provide the API key, but it doesn't have to.

  If the request doesn't require authorization (such as a request for public data), then the application must provide either the API key or an OAuth 2.0 token, 
  or both—whatever option is most convenient for you.

  When your application needs access to user data, it asks Google for a particular scope of access.
  Google displays a consent screen to the user, asking them to authorize your application to request some of their data.

  If the user approves,then Google gives your application a short-lived access token.

  [Volume]: 

  A volume represents the data that Google Books hosts about a book or magazine.
  It is the primary resource in the Books API. 
  All other resources in this API either contain or annotate a volume.

  Example:

  https://www.googleapis.com/books/v1/volumes/F1wgqlNi8AMC


  [Bookshelf]:

  A bookshelf is a collection of volumes.
  Google Books provides a set of predefined bookshelves for each user, some of which are completely managed by the user, some of which are automatically filled 
  in based on user's activity, and some of which are mixed. 
  Users can create, modify or delete other bookshelves, which are always filled with volumes manually. 
  Bookshelves can be made private or public by the user.

  Note: Creating and deleting bookshelves as well as modifying privacy settings on bookshelves can currently only be done through the Google Books site.


  [Review]: 
  A review of a volume is a combination of a star rating and/or text. 
  A user can submit one review per volume. 
  Reviews are also available from outside sources and are attributed appropriately.

  [Reading Position]:
  A reading position indicates the last read position in a volume for a user.
  A user can only have one reading position per volume.
  If the user has not opened that volume before, then the reading position does not exist. 
  The reading position can store detailed position information down to the resolution of a word.
  This information is always private to the user.

  Books API data model:

  A resource is an individual data entity with a unique identifier. The Books API operates on two types of resources, based on the concepts described above:

  Volume resource: Represents a volume.
  
  Bookshelf resource: Represents a single bookshelf for a particular user.
  
  The Books API data model is based on groups of resources, called collections:

  [Volume collection]:
    The volume collection, is a collection of every volume resource managed by Google Books. 
    As such, you cannot list all volume resources, but you can list all volumes that match a set of search terms.

  [Bookshelf collection]:
    A bookshelf collection consists of all the bookshelf resources managed by Google Books.
    Bookshelves must always be referenced in the context of a specific user's library. Bookshelves can contain zero or more volumes.

  Google provides a set of pre-defined [bookshelves] for each user:

  Favorites: Mutable(liable to change) bookshelf.

  Purchased: Populated with volumes the user has purchased. 
  The user cannot manually add or remove volumes.

  To Read: Mutable bookshelf.

  Reading Now: Mutable bookshelf.

  Have Read: Mutable bookshelf.

  Reviewed: 
  Populated with volumes the user has reviewed.
  The user cannot manually add or remove volumes.

**Recently Viewed: Populated with volumes the user has recently opened in a web reader. 
  The user cannot manually add volumes.

  My eBooks: Mutable bookshelf. 
  Purchased books are automatically added, but can be manually removed.

  Books For You: Populated with personalized volume recommendations. 
  If we have no recommendations for the user, this bookshelf does not exist.

  Example bookshelves:

    "Favorites"
    "Harry Potter"
 
  "My eBooks"
    "Switch"
    "Twilight"
    "The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo"



  Books API operations:

  You can invoke five different methods on collections and resources in the Books API, as described in the following table.

      [Operation]	                                                      [Description]	                                                 [REST HTTP mappings]
        list                                            Lists a specified subset of resources within a collection.                  GET on a *collection* URI.
        
       insert                                        Inserts a new resource into a collection (creating a new resource)         POST on a collection URI, where you pass 
                                                                                                                                in data for a new resource.            
                                                                                                                                
         get                                         Gets a specific resource.                                                  GET on resource URI.                                                                           
                                                                                                                                
                                                                                                                                
                                                                                                                                
 
 


















